# Librify
Play, enhance, modify and unify your games how you want them. With librify you can do it all, anonymously and customized to your liking. These days having multiple launchers is not abnormal but has become the new standard. We strive to change this standard by creating a single program that will manage all your games from all your launchers. Atop of that we're working to add multiple features even those launchers don't provide:
* __Settings__ should be easily changeable and assigned to a user profile instead the machine. PC users have become used to static settings that are a pain to change when the PC has multiple users. Instead we would like to implement a dynamic system were you can change your settings from librify and sync them to a user profile. You can link the profile to your account, upload it to OneDrive/Google Drive or store them on a usb. 
* __Saves__ often work how we want them to, which is nice. They are (*except on Steam), however, lacking many features that most console users have become used to, like starting a run from one device and ending on another without a hitch. Just like a user's settings the saves should also behave dynamically.
* __Downloads__ are implemented differently for every launcher. Librify strives to manage the downloads for all your launchers, letting you download just one update at a time.
* __Overlays__ have become a key feature for most launchers. With librify you should be able to allow which overlays you want to run together with your game.
* __Statistics__ give you something to be proud of after playing a game or will inform you when you've played for a long time. We want to give users an detailed but clean overview of their achievements, play time, clicks and keypresses and other information.
* __Discovery__ helps us experience the new. That's why we are working to add a discovery page to the launcher with deals and games you might like. But in true Librify-fashion this page can be turned off for those who don't need more games.